Adds `hasLink` test for examples; update ~37 descriptions to pass (#474)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js-docs: docs/pages/example/interactive-false.md

- "import html from './interactive-false.html';"
---

> Set the map parameter [`interactive`](/mapbox-gl-js/api/map/#map-parameters) to `false` to present a static map with no interactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `Map` object's [`interactive`](/mapbox-gl-js/api/map/#map-parameters) parameter to `false` to create a static map with no interactivity.
```
